The Roaring 2020s well depends on who
you are you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you we've heard
about the Roaring 20s 1920s everything
was fine and dandy until
1929 but today we are in the Roaring
2020s or at least for a small group of
people you see there's been this
k-shaped recovery that's been going on
since 2020 and technically since the
previous cycle as well well but you look
at what's happening today and there is a
tale of two stories if you're part of
the richest of rich people your life is
better than it ever has been but if
you're everybody else you're slowly
sinking in the quicks sand how does it
feel not too nice but I'm going to show
you what's going on here and of course
I'm trying my best to inform everybody
of what's actually going on so that we
can try and get ourselves out of that
quicksand or don't even let it happen in
the first place I'm got information on
that as well but first things first the
World Bank says that the global economy
is headed for the worst half decade in
30 years the biggest thing that they
wanted to mention was that they're not
going to hit their climate goals okay so
I I just want to throw that in there 43%
of Americans with credit card debt say
it's due to emergency expenses emergency
expenses so what's happening here is
that we have people with the credit
cards that buy now paid laders but
interest rates are too high for most
people right now that have been used to
0% interest rates something comes up
look whatever you've been told about you
know things you're going to be fine you
get the social assistance programs
you're always going to have a bailout
don't worry about it you've got to
understand that you got to prepare for a
rainy day you know you will hope for the
best prepare for the worst use any
slogan you want but understand that you
may not have somebody to reach out their
hand when the time comes and so the
things that you've got to do is have
your preparations in place now or at
least start working on them now because
there are going to be times in which
yourself a family member or somebody is
going to need you there and if you're
not available if you don't have the
funds or if you do it and you didn't
have that backup you're going to regret
it how many people today have a loved
one or their own circumstance where they
can't work anymore these things happen
all the time unfortunately and that's
why we need to have our stuff in order
okay and that means getting out of bad
debt that's the first thing we've got to
do because when we have a lot of bad
debt we can't accelerate ourselves
doesn't mean we got to obsess over it
but we got to get into the position
where we're getting out of bad debt and
then we start to accumulate assets
that's the next thing duo lingo Cuts 10%
of contractors as it uses more AI to
create app content
they literally said we are going to use
Ai and not hire more people that that's
what they said and they're not just the
only company I've seen this countless
times saying that I mean IBM said the
same thing we are not going to hire more
people that AI will do the job of plain
that's IBM plain and simple these
companies are going in that direction
that's the case okay it's not everybody
it's not every company it's not how all
happen at once but it is happening Trend
Micro lays off 2% of its Global
Workforce and it goes on and on okay so
a lot of companies are laying off at
this time we've seen it before okay what
else have we seen so that's the economy
that's the businesses that's jobs
interest rates are a main contributing
factor and I think a lot of people don't
understand what's going on with interest
rates look at it yeah you see your
mortgage rate you see interest rates
broadly but companies overwhelmingly
basically every single one uses debt
uses debt the pressure is there to use
debt because you can make money from
debt how is that possible just like in
the real estate world you got to think
of this if I can borrow at 5% right but
my profit margins on my products that I
sell are 20% well I'm going to make that
difference I'm going to make that spread
and that's great but what if my profit
margin in 2020 started getting squeezed
because of higher input cost the
employees want more the warehousing is
more the costs of the raw materials are
more and so on shipping is more at the
same time my debt costs are rising so
now I'm being squeezed real thin to the
point where there's nothing in some
cases maybe losing money because
companies always have lost leaders they
always are thin margin on something but
it's worth it because then we can get a
customer on that thing but suddenly that
got squeezed down real bad that's debt
in a nutshell for
corporations but of course the only
people that know that are those business
owners who deal with it that's why I can
bring you this information not just
because I'm I'm hearing you know some
reading some articles about it because I
actually deal with it now I don't use
debt myself but in this case here I can
tell you what's going on okay look at
it this is all about shrink flation and
skimp flation I love these two things
talking about them because it shows us
that there's actually much more
inflation than we were being told in
this case here he's talking about
Kellogg's Vector so this stuff Hey look
it's got 13 G of pro team fantastic it's
great oh wait a minute oh that's when
you add milk into it you see the actual
the actual thing says when you add the
milk uh oh and he says hey I thought
I've been lied to here I think I'm being
lied to I am being lied to okay more
things about skin inflation um shrink
flation people are not happy about it
for obvious reasons but so even
overwhelmingly they're they're upset
people are upset they they do tests and
they say okay do you want the price to
be higher or do you want the box to be
shrunk and they always vote for the box
to be shrunk and that's what companies
do they don't just make these decisions
because there are people in a boardroom
they've actually tested the Studies have
shown this people consumers are more
willing to accept a shrunken box than a
higher price it doesn't make any sense
but a in actual fact from what I have
seen the shrinkflation is more expensive
than the higher price can you believe
that I've seen this for many many
occasions okay so it would be better if
the price was higher but they know they
know anyway you see what's going on
here this is it um they just basically
talk about that and that's what's
happening inflation is much higher at
the same time this comes out of
um this is part of uh Charles Hugh
anyway look at what he said the higher
corporate profits are the direct result
of profiteering and price gouging oh
boohoo our cost went up and we were
forced to pass them along was simply a
cover story if the cost of a $1 item
went up $1 to $2 Corporate America
merely doubled its profit margin from $1
to $2 this is what happens when you
allow your economy economy to be
dominated by quasi quasi monopolies and
cartels they all raise the price and
diminish quality as a unified
concentration of Financial and Uber and
political power I don't know where I got
that from looking at this when I see
what happens here the corporations are
absolutely the big corporations that is
taking advantage of what we can see in
this case all over the place you see
their input cost went up but then they
Shrunk The Box down and then they put
ingredients that's skimp inflation they
put a garbage ingredients in there and
then they increased the price they did
it from all sides look at at this we
have seen the price of used vehicles
come down and and everyone oh it's a
bare Market technically down more than
20% but the like it's way above the
trend line right now still so we'll see
where that all ends up but they're still
too
expensive right you see what I'm saying
here that's not just for this is the
Manheim which is on the the wholesale
side but regardless this ends up showing
up for regular people too because people
pay the price at the end of the day in
the case of Jeffrey gunlock okay the
bond King he said that overwhelmingly
the expectation is that the US economy
will end up in a recession in
2024 and the potential for a double top
in the markets we get a d a pull down
from that point when I look at the money
mirror method which I'll be talking
about with my uh Finance live class this
Friday it actually showed
um some bearishness okay so we'll look
at that as well but what about the
economy well if you have a recession
what's the obvious and next thing that
happens well of course stimulation they
will do everything they can to stimulate
to keep the economy going to keep gas
prices down to keep everything
everything in check they're going to do
some money printing they're going to
stimulate wherever they can
good news bad news what can you take
from this self checkout is doomed major
supermarkets to scrap technology in huge
overhaul two reasons for it customers
confused by it in many cases number two
is theft and that's probably the bigger
one um I've used them myself in some
cases I'll use them and you know it's
totally fine I like it it's great you
know two things done out of the store
don't have to wait in a lineup the
problem of course is when you have a
problem and that happens all too often
okay and then you it doesn't scan my
item then I got to wait 12 minutes for a
person to see me I just had this fairly
recently actually my goodness it's bad
sometimes and so that is somehow good
but watch be careful what you wish for
okay Jeff Bezos back AI search startup
CEO says Google is going to be viewed as
something that's Legacy and old talking
about
perplexity you know you can use it I I
tried the free version of this
perplexity is this like AI so you're
going to get your news basically AI
formulated you don't have to go to
Google to search it you don't have to go
to search engine at all you don't have
to go to the news site it will give you
the information exactly how you want it
no advertisements no nothing now that's
an interesting thing and basically what
they're saying here is that this is
going to affect jobs that's going to
affect Google's you know o overall uh
income which will affect jobs as well as
the potential for I mean who knows who
knows if Google's not doing that I mean
other companies are going to be all
these news sites they're going to start
suffering and that will impact the
economy overall we'll see what happens
along with that I want to let you know
that if you want to be part of the
finance Friday we would get into the
depths looking at what happens in the
markets before it does
seeing you know just recently what has
happened I'm able to tell people uh the
intricacies of these things
and it's uh available to you okay so if
you want to check that out it's the
money gps.com
that link is in the description hit that
thumbs up when you do you're supporting
this Channel I want to appreciate you
for being here and of course I'll see
you tomorrow take care